README.md, before:

# sif-embedding

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/kampersanda/sif-embedding/actions/workflows/rust.yml?query=branch%3Amain"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/kampersanda/sif-embedding/rust.yml?branch=main&style=flat-square" alt="actions status" /></a>
  &nbsp;
  <a href="https://crates.io/crates/sif-embedding"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/sif-embedding.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Crates.io version" /></a>
  &nbsp;
  <a href="https://docs.rs/sif-embedding"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-blue.svg?style=flat-square" alt="docs.rs docs" /></a>
</p>

This is a Rust implementation of simple but powerful sentence embedding algorithms based on
*Smooth Inverse Frequency* and *Common Component Removal* described in the following papers:

 - Sanjeev Arora, Yingyu Liang, and Tengyu Ma,
   [A Simple but Tough-to-Beat Baseline for Sentence Embeddings](https://openreview.net/forum?id=SyK00v5xx),
   ICLR 2017
 - Kawin Ethayarajh,
   [Unsupervised Random Walk Sentence Embeddings: A Strong but Simple Baseline](https://aclanthology.org/W18-3012/),
   RepL4NLP 2018

This library will help you if

 - DNN-based sentence embeddings are too slow for your application, or
 - you do not have an option using GPUs.

## Documentation

https://docs.rs/sif-embedding/

## Getting started

See [tutorial](./tutorial).

## Evaluations

[evaluations](./evaluations/) provides tools to evaluate sif-embedding on several tasks.

## Wiki

[Trouble shooting](https://github.com/kampersanda/sif-embedding/wiki/Trouble-shooting): Tips on how to resolve errors I faced in my environment.

## Licensing

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

Commit message:

Use wiki1m for speed benchmark (#53)
* wip

* wip

* add

* add

* add

* minor

README.md, after:

# sif-embedding

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/kampersanda/sif-embedding/actions/workflows/rust.yml?query=branch%3Amain"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/kampersanda/sif-embedding/rust.yml?branch=main&style=flat-square" alt="actions status" /></a>
  &nbsp;
  <a href="https://crates.io/crates/sif-embedding"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/sif-embedding.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Crates.io version" /></a>
  &nbsp;
  <a href="https://docs.rs/sif-embedding"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-blue.svg?style=flat-square" alt="docs.rs docs" /></a>
</p>

This is a Rust implementation of simple but powerful sentence embedding algorithms based on
*Smooth Inverse Frequency* and *Common Component Removal* described in the following papers:

 - Sanjeev Arora, Yingyu Liang, and Tengyu Ma,
   [A Simple but Tough-to-Beat Baseline for Sentence Embeddings](https://openreview.net/forum?id=SyK00v5xx),
   ICLR 2017
 - Kawin Ethayarajh,
   [Unsupervised Random Walk Sentence Embeddings: A Strong but Simple Baseline](https://aclanthology.org/W18-3012/),
   RepL4NLP 2018

This library will help you if

 - DNN-based sentence embeddings are too slow for your application, or
 - you do not have an option using GPUs.

## Documentation

https://docs.rs/sif-embedding/

## Getting started

See [tutorial](./tutorial).

## Benchmarks

[benchmarks](./benchmarks/) provides speed benchmarks.

We observed that, with an English Wikipedia dataset,
our SIF implementation could process **44,085 sentences per second** on a personal desktop PC.

## Evaluations

[evaluations](./evaluations/) provides tools to evaluate sif-embedding on several tasks.

## Wiki

[Trouble shooting](https://github.com/kampersanda/sif-embedding/wiki/Trouble-shooting): Tips on how to resolve errors I faced in my environment.

## Licensing

Licensed under either of

 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.
