benchmarks/wiki1m/README.md, before:

# Speed benchmark using wiki1m dataset

This directory provides speed benchmark using the [wiki1m dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/princeton-nlp/datasets-for-simcse).

## Evaluation steps

### 1. Download dataset

Run the following command:

```shell
$ wget https://huggingface.co/datasets/princeton-nlp/datasets-for-simcse/resolve/main/wiki1m_for_simcse.txt
```

It contains 1,000,000 sentences from English Wikipedia, whose average number of words is 22.8.

### 2. Prepare pretrained word embeddings

You need to prepare pretrained word embeddings in [finalfusion](https://docs.rs/finalfusion/) format.
Prepare a model following [finalfusion-tools](../../finalfusion-tools).

Here, we assume that you have `glove.42B.300d.fifu` in the current directory.

### 3. Evaluate

`src/main.rs` provides evaluation for SIF (with `-m sif`) and uSIF (with `-m usif`).

```shell
$ cargo run --release --features openblas -- \
    -d wiki1m_for_simcse.txt \
    -f glove.42B.300d.fifu \
    -m sif
```

## Evaluation results

The following result was obtained by running the above command on a desktop PC (one core of Intel i7, 16 GB RAM).

- SIF: 14,101 sentences per second
- uSIF: 11,616 sentences per second

Commit message:

Add option to omit common component removal in benchmark (#63)
* add

* add

* add

benchmarks/wiki1m/README.md, after:

# Speed benchmark using wiki1m dataset

This directory provides speed benchmark using the [wiki1m dataset](https://huggingface.co/datasets/princeton-nlp/datasets-for-simcse).

## Evaluation steps

### 1. Download dataset

Run the following command:

```shell
$ wget https://huggingface.co/datasets/princeton-nlp/datasets-for-simcse/resolve/main/wiki1m_for_simcse.txt
```

It contains 1,000,000 sentences from English Wikipedia, whose average number of words is 22.8.

### 2. Prepare pretrained word embeddings

You need to prepare pretrained word embeddings in [finalfusion](https://docs.rs/finalfusion/) format.
Prepare a model following [finalfusion-tools](../../finalfusion-tools).

Here, we assume that you have `glove.42B.300d.fifu` in the current directory.

### 3. Evaluate

`src/main.rs` provides evaluation for SIF (with `-m sif`) and uSIF (with `-m usif`).

```shell
$ cargo run --release --features openblas -- \
    -d wiki1m_for_simcse.txt \
    -f glove.42B.300d.fifu \
    -m sif
```

If you want to omit common component removal (CCR) for SIF or piecewise CCR (PCCR) for uSIF,
specify `-n 0`.

## Evaluation results

The following result was obtained by running the above command on MacBook Air (one core of Apple M2, 24 GB RAM).

| Method    | Sentences per second |
| --------- | -------------------- |
| SIF       | 81972 ± 44.3         |
| SIF+CCR   | 69080 ± 231.2        |
| uSIF      | 28452 ± 42.9         |
| uSIF+PCCR | 26603 ± 167.4        |
